README.md, before:

# RedditAdsMcp

A C# MCP (Model Context Protocol) server for the Reddit Ads API. Provides read-only tools for listing accounts, campaigns, ad groups, ads, and pulling performance reports.

Built with .NET 10 and the official [ModelContextProtocol](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol/) SDK.

## Available Tools

| Tool | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `ListAccounts` | List all Reddit ad accounts accessible with current credentials |
| `ListCampaigns` | List campaigns for an account |
| `ListAdGroups` | List ad groups, optionally filtered by campaign |
| `ListAds` | List ads, optionally filtered by ad group |
| `GetPerformanceReport` | Get a performance report with custom date range, metrics, breakdowns, and level |
| `GetDailyPerformance` | Convenience wrapper — last N days of impressions, clicks, spend, CTR, CPC, eCPM |

All tools accept an optional `accountId` parameter. If omitted, the default account from `REDDIT_ACCOUNT_ID` is used.

## Prerequisites

1. A Reddit account with an active [Reddit Ads](https://ads.reddit.com) advertiser account
2. [.NET 10 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/10.0)

## Setup

### 1. Create a Reddit Ads API App

Go to [ads.reddit.com](https://ads.reddit.com), then navigate to **Developer Applications** in the left sidebar (under your account/business settings). Click **Create a new app** and fill in:

- **App name:** a descriptive name for your app
- **Description:** optional
- **About url:** optional (e.g. your project's GitHub URL)
- **Redirect URI:** `https://hurrah.dev/oauth/reddit`

> **Tip:** You can use your own HTTPS redirect URI instead if you prefer — just update the URLs in the steps below to match.

After creating, note your **Client ID** and **Client Secret**.

### 2. Get a Refresh Token

**Open this URL in your browser** (replace `YOUR_CLIENT_ID`):

```
https://www.reddit.com/api/v1/authorize?client_id=YOUR_CLIENT_ID&response_type=code&state=mcp&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fhurrah.dev%2Foauth%2Freddit&duration=permanent&scope=adsread
```

Click **Allow**. Reddit redirects to `hurrah.dev/oauth/reddit` which displays your authorization code. Click **Copy**.

**Exchange the code for a refresh token:**

```bash
curl -X POST https://www.reddit.com/api/v1/access_token \
  -u "YOUR_CLIENT_ID:YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET" \
  -A "ads-mcp/1.0" \
  -d "grant_type=authorization_code&code=AUTHORIZATION_CODE&redirect_uri=https://hurrah.dev/oauth/reddit"
```

> **Important:** The `redirect_uri` in the curl command must match exactly what you registered in Step 1.

The response contains your `refresh_token`. Save it — it's permanent until revoked.

### 3. Find Your Account ID

Your Reddit Ads account ID is visible in the Reddit Ads dashboard URL: `https://ads.reddit.com/accounts/ACCOUNT_ID/...`

### 4. Configure Claude Code

Build the project first:

```bash
dotnet build
```

Add to your Claude Code MCP settings (`~/.claude/settings.json` under `mcpServers`):

```json
"reddit-ads": {
  "type": "stdio",
  "command": "dotnet",
  "args": ["run", "--project", "/path/to/RedditAdsMcp", "--no-build"],
  "env": {
    "REDDIT_CLIENT_ID": "your_client_id",
    "REDDIT_CLIENT_SECRET": "your_client_secret",
    "REDDIT_REFRESH_TOKEN": "your_refresh_token",
    "REDDIT_ACCOUNT_ID": "your_account_id"
  }
}
```

Verify with `/mcp` in Claude Code — the `reddit-ads` server should appear with 6 tools.

## Development

```bash
dotnet build    # compile
dotnet run      # start MCP server on stdio
```

## License

MIT

Commit message:

Improve README setup; clarify builder types in code
Expanded and clarified Reddit Ads API setup instructions in README,
including detailed steps, tables, and redirect URI guidance.
Refactored Program.cs and ReportTools.cs to use explicit type
declarations instead of 'var' for builder and request objects.

README.md, after:

# RedditAdsMcp

A C# MCP (Model Context Protocol) server for the Reddit Ads API. Provides read-only tools for listing accounts, campaigns, ad groups, ads, and pulling performance reports.

Built with .NET 10 and the official [ModelContextProtocol](https://www.nuget.org/packages/ModelContextProtocol/) SDK.

## Available Tools

| Tool | Description |
|------|-------------|
| `ListAccounts` | List all Reddit ad accounts accessible with current credentials |
| `ListCampaigns` | List campaigns for an account |
| `ListAdGroups` | List ad groups, optionally filtered by campaign |
| `ListAds` | List ads, optionally filtered by ad group |
| `GetPerformanceReport` | Get a performance report with custom date range, metrics, breakdowns, and level |
| `GetDailyPerformance` | Convenience wrapper — last N days of impressions, clicks, spend, CTR, CPC, eCPM |

All tools accept an optional `accountId` parameter. If omitted, the default account from `REDDIT_ACCOUNT_ID` is used.

## Prerequisites

1. A Reddit account with an active [Reddit Ads](https://ads.reddit.com) advertiser account
2. [.NET 10 SDK](https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/10.0)

## Setup

### 1. Create a Reddit Ads API App

1. Go to [ads.reddit.com](https://ads.reddit.com)
2. In the left sidebar, click **Developer Applications** (under your account/business settings)
3. Click **Create a new app** and fill in:

| Field | Value |
|-------|-------|
| **App name** | `Reddit Ads MCP` |
| **Description** | `MCP server for Reddit Ads reporting` |
| **About url** | `https://github.com/user/RedditAdsMcp` (or leave blank) |
| **Redirect URI** | `https://hurrah.dev/oauth/reddit` |

Reddit requires a public HTTPS redirect URI (localhost won't work). The URL above is a free callback page that displays the authorization code for you to copy — no server setup required.

4. Click **Create app**
5. Copy your **Client ID** and **Client Secret** — you'll need both in the next steps

> **Using your own redirect URI?** You can use any HTTPS URL you control instead — just update the URLs in Steps 2–3 to match.

### 2. Authorize the App

Open this URL in your browser, replacing `YOUR_CLIENT_ID` with the Client ID from Step 1:

```
https://www.reddit.com/api/v1/authorize?client_id=YOUR_CLIENT_ID&response_type=code&state=mcp&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fhurrah.dev%2Foauth%2Freddit&duration=permanent&scope=adsread
```

Click **Allow**. You'll be redirected to a page that displays your authorization code — click **Copy**.

### 3. Exchange the Code for a Refresh Token

Run this command, replacing the three `YOUR_*` placeholders:

```bash
curl -X POST https://www.reddit.com/api/v1/access_token \
  -u "YOUR_CLIENT_ID:YOUR_CLIENT_SECRET" \
  -A "ads-mcp/1.0" \
  -d "grant_type=authorization_code&code=YOUR_AUTHORIZATION_CODE&redirect_uri=https://hurrah.dev/oauth/reddit"
```

> The `redirect_uri` must match exactly what you entered in Step 1.

The response JSON contains a `refresh_token` field. Save it — it's permanent until revoked.

### 4. Find Your Account ID

Your Reddit Ads account ID is in the dashboard URL: `https://ads.reddit.com/accounts/ACCOUNT_ID/...`

### 5. Configure Claude Code

Build the project:

```bash
dotnet build
```

Add to your Claude Code MCP settings (`~/.claude/settings.json` under `mcpServers`), replacing the four placeholder values:

```json
"reddit-ads": {
  "type": "stdio",
  "command": "dotnet",
  "args": ["run", "--project", "/path/to/RedditAdsMcp", "--no-build"],
  "env": {
    "REDDIT_CLIENT_ID": "your_client_id",
    "REDDIT_CLIENT_SECRET": "your_client_secret",
    "REDDIT_REFRESH_TOKEN": "your_refresh_token",
    "REDDIT_ACCOUNT_ID": "your_account_id"
  }
}
```

Verify with `/mcp` in Claude Code — the `reddit-ads` server should appear with 6 tools.

## Development

```bash
dotnet build    # compile
dotnet run      # start MCP server on stdio
```

## License

MIT
